README.md, before:

![](assets/readme/README-img.png)

# Personal Portfolio :partying_face:

**Version 2.0** <br> [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/60d8f115-0b88-4827-bfed-fa95136ac3bc/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/colinpetersthedev/deploys)

## About :point_down:

The purpose for this project is to showcase my latest featured projects and *current* skillset. 
<br>
<br>
This project was created from scratch using grid for the main layout and **BEM** method.
>
Deployed using Netlify.


## Design :paintbrush: 

I used **figma** to create the design and **photoshop** for some photo edits. 
<br>
<br>
There were **4** other portfolio designs before this one that i had made using figma.
<br>
<br>
By the end of the finished product i had incorporated components from the other 4 designs into the final one.

### Created by me using figma:

- **Flamingo** :flamingo:
  - **Lightbulb** :bulb:
    - **Octopus** :octopus:

## Built With 

* HTML-5
* SCSS
* Javascript

## Libraries Used

* [ScrollMagic](https://scrollmagic.io/) <br>
   >Scroll Magic is a scroll interaction library that allows you to react to the user's current scroll position.

## Key Features

A few key features implemented include:
- :white_check_mark: Smooth scrolling
- :white_check_mark: Horizontal scrolling
- :white_check_mark: Section wipe
- :white_check_mark: Keyframes animation
- :white_check_mark: Fully responsive

## Sections Included

- Skills
  - About
    - Contact

Commit message:

Updated Readme corresponding with design rework

README.md, after:

![](assets/readme/README-img.png)

# Personal Portfolio :partying_face:

**Version 2.0** <br> [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/60d8f115-0b88-4827-bfed-fa95136ac3bc/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/colinpetersthedev/deploys)

## About :point_down:

The purpose for this project is to showcase my latest featured projects and *current* skillset. 
<br>
<br>
This project was created from scratch using grid for the main layout and **BEM** method.
>
Deployed using Netlify.


## Design :paintbrush: 

I used **figma** to create the design and **photoshop** for some photo edits. 
<br>
<br>
There were **4** other portfolio designs before this one that i had made using figma.
<br>
<br>
By the end of the finished product i had incorporated components from the other 4 designs into the final one.

### Created by me using figma:

- **Svg about sec.** :alien:
  - **Lightbulb** :bulb:
    - **Octopus** :octopus:

## Built With 

* HTML-5
* SCSS
* Javascript

## Libraries Used

* [ScrollMagic](https://scrollmagic.io/) <br>
   >Scroll Magic is a scroll interaction library that allows you to react to the user's current scroll position.

* [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap/) <br>
  >Green Sock is a animation library with a vast selection of plugins

## Key Features

A few key features implemented include:
- :white_check_mark: Smooth scrolling
- :white_check_mark: Horizontal scrolling
- :white_check_mark: Section wipe
- :white_check_mark: Keyframes animation
- :white_check_mark: Fully responsive

## Sections Included

- Projects
  - Skills
    - About
      - Contact
